---
layout: post
title: "Changes"
date: 2013-08-06 20:35
comments: false
categories: [nyc, moving]
---

This is long overdue, but the past few months have been hectic.  The main reason being I've transferred from my company's Hartford, CT office to Manhattan.

The moving process itself was quite smooth and went without a hitch.  If you're thinking of moving here and want to chat definitely shoot me an email.  In the meantime here's a couple of things and thoughts that might help.

#### Money
Dollar wise, the cost of living increase isn't all that bad, provided you can make a few sacrifices like living with a roommate and in a smaller place.  After getting a cost of living adjustment from my company, I'd probably end up making more money if I lived the same lifestyle that I did in CT.  But therein lies the problem, because there's lots to do around here, and being stuck in a tiny apartment isn't a lot of fun.  And it seems you can't walk out  the door without spending $20.

#### Finding a place
I suggest starting out on this site at [airbnb](https://www.airbnb.com/locations/new-york).  Picking out a neighborhood that suits your needs and personality makes a big difference in your NYC experience.  From there if you can narrow down your living area to a few places, you'll have an easier time filtering stuff on Craigslist, which is still the go to for roommates and open places.

#### Energy
There really is something to say about the energy here.  A while ago I could scarcely make it past 10pm without having thoughts of going to bed.  Late nights are a regular occurrence now, whether that be working or going out.

#### Dirty old boroughs
Between my bubble boy allergies, bad air quality and loathe for walking I immediately got sick upon arriving.  When you first get here try not to go overboard and do too much too fast.