---
layout: post
title: "English 110"
date: 2013-02-24 12:16
comments: false
categories: [college, liberal arts]
---

I think in todays economic climate there's a rather strong stigma against liberal arts degrees and what relevance it has towards getting a job in the real world.  I have no views one way or the other.  But, as an engineering major I see the irony in remembering basic English as my favorite class.

Up until college, from pre-k to high school, I pretty much saw any non math or science class as a necessary evil.  Subjects like English or History didn't interest me, I'd always end up going through the motions, making sure I got my A or B and moved on to the next thing.

So in my first day at Uconn I expected more of the same.  I still remember my professor walking into class that day.  His name was John Polchlopek.  He was young and wore lots of black.  Black coat, black shirt and black sunglasses.  Like a badass Neo who just plugged into the Matrix.

I don't remember much of the course material, I think we read Kafka's The Metamorphosis.  It was tough reading and I had trouble comprehending it.  The problem in my eyes was that in reading a text you could interpret it in a million ways.  I wasn't used to such ambiguity, where in the sciences everything is structured and proven and neat.  John taught me that lots of hard questions don't have perfect answers and it's important not to get too analytical in the beginning.  Just start off somewhere, anywhere, and see where that takes you.

English 110 got me thinking critically about writing for the first time.  Then that transitioned to other stuff like music and art.  I don't mean to downplay any of my other classes.  I'll always see programming, math and science as my thing.  But just having that other perspective is nice.

I don't think I really fully understood the above until a few years after I graduated.  And by then I lost contact with just about every professor.  So if you're out there and reading this John, thanks.